Enhance preprocess.decompose with device_wires and target_gates support (#8225)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Internal changes ⚙️</h3>

> * Devices preprocess now starts to accept graph decomposition.

Author: ```suggestion
* Devices preprocess now starts to accept graph decomposition.
  [(#8225)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8225)
```

<h3>Internal changes ⚙️</h3>

> * Devices preprocess now starts to accept graph decomposition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qml.devices.preprocess.decompose` now works in graph decomposition mode
   when a gateset is provided. `default.qubit` and `null.qubit` can now use 
   graph decomposition mode.
```
